fix error when determining default browser in `start` script (#1069)
seek-oss/sku: .changeset/three-bugs-sip.md

---
'sku': patch
---

> Improve error handling and messaging in `start` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve error handling and messaging when opening the user's browser during the `start`, `start-ssr` and `serve` scripts
```

> This fixes a macOS error when the user's terminal application's Finder automation permissions were disabled, which caused an error when trying to detect the user's default browser.
> This change provides instructions to resolve the system permission issue and prevents script failure.

Reviewer: IMO the first sentence is a bit heavy on the details and could probably just be dropped. I think rewording the second sentence better communicates the issue and the change.
```suggestion
Failure to detect the user's default browser should no longer cause `sku` to crash when it tries to open a browser window.
Instead the user will be shown a warning and provided with instructions to enable the system permission required to fix the warning.
```

Author: Good point, I agree. Riffed on it slightly
```suggestion
This fixes a macOS error where `sku` would crash when failing to detect the user's default browser. 
Instead, the user will be shown a warning message with instructions to enable the system permission required to fix the issue.
```
